As you know, positioning
is a basic concept of
the basics of marketing.
It's basically how you want to
position yourself, how you want your customers
to perceive you.
And I think that at Globo you have
a challenge, because Globo has the
advantage that it has a huge variety
of services, not only a huge
variety of services, but a
huge variety of values.
That is, I could recommend Globo
to another person arguing different
values, that bring me something
I have asked from a friend's house,
because I have left it, that they
will buy me a pizza, that I
can order food at home as if it
were an application of the
traditional Food
Delivery, etc.
So, you have the challenge of how
to position yourself in the minds
of users.
How do you propose this?
How can you, with this varied
offer, homogenize it?
We have seen what works, when
at a very large growth
level, the channel or the user's
road, we call your attention
with the message that it'
s an app that you can ask
for whatever you want.
Anything at home.
This is something that opens the user'
s mind, which makes the user also
talk about it, that when he comes
home he tells his partner, because
it is something very new.
And if you look at our TV ads,
our street ads, bus stops
and all this, the message is
this, it's an app that you
can ask for whatever you want.
Then, it is very different what
we call brand awareness to conversion.
We are interested in people talking
about us, that they have this picture
of the balloon in mind, that
brings you anything, but when
we want to go investing in a user
making the first order, we impact
him a lot with food.
We know that it is the channel, that
people eat three times a day, and
it is the most recurring channel,
the food.
And because they did it three times.
Many people have never
used an application.
I said, I am at my brother'
s house, I forget something
and I won't go back.
Madrid is a big city with many
shots, because it asks for a balloon
and brings it to me.
But this so far we've never done,
but we've all ordered food,
so of course, it's easier to turn
it into helping you use something
you've already used.
So, it is most important that the
user has this first experience,
that he has known the globe,
that he has worked well.
So, if you look at all the ads
we do, which are more of conversion,
it usually is in impacts always
when you are on the mobile,
or impacts on Facebook,
on social networks.
These are conversions.
They are already users.
Exactly, you are already looking for this
idea that you have of the balloon, that now that
you are at home, asks.
And then, everything we call CRM
comes in, which is all our program,
there is a dedicated team that
organizes all the newsletters,
promotions, push notifications
within the globe,
the content.
And these take care of the user
asking for more, that is, they continue
to ask for retaining and also
discover new categories.
Now, once you have the user
who already trusts you because we
have done a good service in food,
it's easier to tell you, hear, why
don't you try us to order the pharmacy
when you need it, or to send
a envelope from the office,
or to make the purchase?
This afternoon if you need something.
It is much easier to convince him
at that moment.
Of course, effectively, when you
have it fidelized, you have already
paid with the card, you have your
data, it is much easier to grow
horizontally, to win off-
wallet, within each customer that
you win it.
I would say, that is, for me, from
my perspective, positioning, I would
say that it is that globe makes
life easier.
Not just bring me, as you said,
we bring you, right?
So, who is the officer?
The first one?
The first, the first impact.
Anything at home.
to home.
I think this goes beyond.
The slogan is actually us.
What is this, right?
We go for you.